Adding definition of plugins vs packages (#5287)
flutter/website: src/docs/development/packages-and-plugins/using-packages.md

to the Flutter and Dart ecosystems. This allows quickly building
an app without having to develop everything from scratch.

{{site.alert.secondary}}

>   **What is the difference between a Flutter package

Author: ```suggestion
  **What is the difference between a package
```

>   and a plugin?** Actually, a plugin is a _type_ of
>   package&mdash;the full designation is "plugin package",
>   which is generally shortened to "plugin".

Author: ```suggestion
  and a plugin?** Actually, a plugin is a _type_ of
  package&mdash;the full designation is _plugin package_,
  which is generally shortened to _plugin_.
```

  **Packages**

>   : A package contains shared and reusable code and includes a list of
>     dependencies (specified in the `pubspec.yml` file), and (optionally)
>     Dart libraries, apps, resources, tests, images, and examples.

Author: ```suggestion
    : At a minimum, a Dart package is a directory
    containing a pubspec file. Additionally,
    a package can contain dependencies
    (listed in the pubspec), Dart libraries, apps,
    resources, tests, images, and examples.
```

>     The [pub][] site lists many packages developed by Google engineers
>     and other generous members of the Flutter and Dart community
>     that you can use in your app.

Reviewer: I found this a little hard to read, plus it seemed weird to imply that Google engineers are all generous. :) But maybe it should be "by Google engineers and other members..."

```suggestion
    The [pub.dev][] site lists many packages—developed by Google engineers
    and generous members of the Flutter and Dart community—
    that you can use in your app.
```

(and change [pub] to [pub.dev] below)

  **Plugins**
  : A plugin package is a special kind of package that makes
    platform functionality available to the app.
    Plugin packages can be written for Android (using Kotlin or Java),

>     iOS (using Swift or Objective-C), web, macOS, Windows, or Linux,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    iOS (using Swift or Objective-C), web, macOS, Windows, Linux,
```

    or any combination thereof.

>     An example of a plugin might provide the Flutter app

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    For example, a plugin might provide Flutter apps
```

to the Flutter and Dart ecosystems. This allows quickly building
an app without having to develop everything from scratch.

{{site.alert.secondary}}
  **What is the difference between a package
  and a plugin?** Actually, a plugin is a _type_ of
  package&mdash;the full designation is _plugin package_,
  which is generally shortened to _plugin_.

  **Packages**
    : At a minimum, a Dart package is a directory
    containing a pubspec file. Additionally,
    a package can contain dependencies
    (listed in the pubspec), Dart libraries, apps,
    resources, tests, images, and examples.

>     The [pub.dev][] site lists many packages—developed by Google engineers
>     and generous members of the Flutter and Dart community—
>     that you can use in your app.

Author: ```suggestion
    The [pub][] site lists many packages—developed by Google engineers
    and generous members of the Flutter and Dart community—
    that you can use in your app.
```

### Searching for packages

> Packages are published to the [pub][] site.

Reviewer: We should talk about this terminology... it doesn't match what go/dart-terms currently says.
